In this research we create a system that digitizes the process in which the users smile from a neutral expression, via image processing. 
Based on the calculated values,
the system displays five videos from the database of the process in which people smile.
These five videos show the 68 featured points in place of the person’s face
so that the users’ cannot identify the person from the video.
The users then rank the videos, after which the analysis is conducted on each user,
and the users as a group, on how the users smile, and on their smile preferences.
The society we live in is constructed from the connections between the people.
In order to establish this relationship, communication is crucial, especially non-verbal communication,
and factors such as smiling can have significant influences.
The way in which people connect have become diverse, and with this, more information is available;
however this information has still yet to be organized.
In the younger generations,
many may often be disappointed when actually meeting the people that they had previously “met” online via text.
The purpose of this research is to build a system that promotes the connection between people based on analyzing each other based on their smiles.
This system finds a correlation between one’s smile and the smile that they prefer, and analyzes the inclination.
By performing data-based analysis, I aim to make connect the most optimal partners to users, and encourage better encounters.
I conducted demonstrations and evaluation experiments at the Open Research Forum hosted by Keio University Shonan Fujisawa Campus,
and obtained datasets from 41 visitors.
I got the value of Facial Action Units (FAU) included in OpenFace developed by Cambridge University from 36 smile video data excluding damaged data,
and analyzed the inclination tendency for each users.
As a result of the analysis, it was found that people tend to prefer people who relax their facial muscles before smiling.
In the future, TeamSmile in health information consortium related with Nakazawa Laboratory,
will incorporate the module of this system into the SmileMeter to enable the acquisition of more and more data.
I expect that this system will play a critical role in connecting people.
